Remove BundlerMinifier in bundling-and-minification-md (#21770)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/client-side/bundling-and-minification.md

KB Transferred | 156 | 264.68 | 70%
Load Time (ms) | 885 | 2360   | 167%

Browsers are fairly verbose regarding HTTP request headers. The total bytes sent metric saw a significant reduction when bundling. The load time shows a significant improvement, however this example ran locally. Greater performance gains are realized when using bundling and minification with assets transferred over a network.

## Choose a bundling and minification strategy

ASP.NET Core is compatible with WebOptimizer, an open-source bundling and minification solution. For instruction and sample projects using WebOptimizer, see [WebOptimizer](https://github.com/ligershark/WebOptimizer). ASP.NET Core does not provide a native bundling and minification solution.

> The MVC and Razor Pages project templates provide a configuration solution for bundling and minification workflow consisting of a JSON configuration file. Third-party tools, such as the [Grunt](xref:client-side/using-grunt) task runner, accomplish the same tasks with a bit more complexity. A third-party tool is a great fit when your development workflow requires processing beyond bundling and minification&mdash;such as linting and image optimization. By using design-time bundling and minification, the minified files are created prior to the app's deployment. Bundling and minifying before deployment provides the advantage of reduced server load. However, it's important to recognize that design-time bundling and minification increases build complexity and only works with static files.

Reviewer: Remove this **Configure bundling and minification** section, as it's based on _bundleconfig.json_. That JSON file existed to support Mads' VS extension.

KB Transferred | 156 | 264.68 | 70%
Load Time (ms) | 885 | 2360   | 167%

Browsers are fairly verbose regarding HTTP request headers. The total bytes sent metric saw a significant reduction when bundling. The load time shows a significant improvement, however this example ran locally. Greater performance gains are realized when using bundling and minification with assets transferred over a network.

## Choose a bundling and minification strategy

ASP.NET Core is compatible with WebOptimizer, an open-source bundling and minification solution. For instruction and sample projects using WebOptimizer, see [WebOptimizer](https://github.com/ligershark/WebOptimizer). ASP.NET Core doesn't provide a native bundling and minification solution.

> Third-party tools, such as the [Grunt](https://gruntjs.com) task runner, provide a workflow solution for bundling and minification, as well as linting and image optimization. By using design-time bundling and minification, the minified files are created prior to the app's deployment. Bundling and minifying before deployment provides the advantage of reduced server load. However, it's important to recognize that design-time bundling and minification increases build complexity and only works with static files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Third-party tools, such as [Gulp](https://gulpjs.com) and [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org), provide workflow automation for bundling and minification, as well as linting and image optimization. By using design-time bundling and minification, the minified files are created prior to the app's deployment. Bundling and minifying before deployment provides the advantage of reduced server load. However, it's important to recognize that design-time bundling and minification increases build complexity and only works with static files.
```

> ## Add files to workflow

Reviewer: This section should be removed too, since it's based on _bundleconfig.json_.
